[Music]
Hey time for more WikiLeaks magic the
world's nine greatest magic tricks
finally revealed you know the number of
magicians in the world is really small
only one person out of 25,000 people
knows how to perform magic tricks and
you're about to become one of them as
we're going to tell you the secrets of
the most brilliant magic tricks ever so
make yourself comfortable and listen up
but before we start don't forget to
subscribe to our Channel and turn on
notifications so you'll always be the
first one to see all our new videos
counting down from number nine Darci
Oaks devolution in season eight of
Britain's Got Talent the audience was
both shocked and amazed by Canadian
illusionist Darcy oak who performs
several magic tricks with doves in one
of them the magician makes a pigeon
appear from a bird feather but how did
he do it easy the feather that Darcy
showed the audience before lighting it
up is actually a piece of special paper
known as flash paper it is commonly used
by magicians when they wish to create
large flashes of fire in order to hide
brisk moments of illusion from the
audience and that's exactly what Darcy
did using the fire it quickly got the
pigeon from a secret pocket in his
sleeve and that's how the magic of this
trick is born number eight the rising
card this next trick is very popular
among both professional magicians and
complete beginners plus it's one of the
easiest tricks to do as well
we're talking about the card trick where
the illusionist ask a spectator to
randomly choose any card from the deck
and place it back then the magician
makes some magical moves and the
spectators card is popped out up from
the deck so what is the secret to this
illusion yeah it's pretty simple
actually when placing the card back in
the deck
the magician puts it in front of a card
with a special mechanism a small pad
that sticked to the card and moves it
upwards this creates the illusion of it
popping out
the deck so just practice a little bit
and you'll be ready to all your friends
with this one number seven a card on a
can here's another card trick for you to
master and now it's know pick a card one
have you ever seen an illusionist taking
a card and somehow making a can stand on
top of it seems impossible to do right
not at all in fact any beginner can
easily pull this off if you take a
closer look from another perspective you
will see that the card a magician uses
is actually t-shaped you can easily make
this card at home by taking two ordinary
cards and sticking them together in such
a way that they create a t-shape this
way it's no big deal to make a can or
bottle stand up on top of the card but
the audience who doesn't know your
little secret will definitely be
impressed number six a phone in a bottle
the famous Street trick that you're
about to learn goes like this
a magician holds some plastic bottle or
any other container in his hand he shows
everyone that it's an ordinary empty
bottle and gives it to someone to prove
it then the magician asks for someone's
phone one two three and voila
the phone has magically passed through
the wall of the bottle and ends up
inside of it how does it even work well
there are several ways of doing the
trick we're going to explain the most
popular one which is all about the magic
equipment the magician wears a special
finger stall with a small but sharp
blade after showing the audience that
the bottle is whole he secretly cuts a
line in it that's big enough to push the
phone through no magic is necessary here
really just sleight of hand
ooh number five twisting an iPhone the
famous magician dynamo performed this
trick in front of people on the streets
leaving the audience in shock
he took an iPhone from one of the
spectators and magically rotated its
Center leaving it in a half screen half
backstage I bet the phone's owner was
incredibly relieved when he changed the
phone back to no
but seriously how is that possible quite
simple actually
the magician prepared a half back cover
of an iPhone and quickly put it over the
screen while performing the trick when
dynamo showed his audience the iPhone he
showed it from the back then covering
the device with both hands
he rotates it entirely showing the
screen side with a half back cover over
it from the side it looks like the phone
was twisted but we assure you that no
iPhone was harmed that day and there you
have it a trick that will definitely
make your spectators both nervous and
stunned number four jamie ravens lemon
trick another talented magician from
Britain's Got Talent
Jamie Raven in his final magic trick got
a signed note by Alisha one of the
judges out from a lemon that was kept
intact in front of her since the start
of the show now that's some real magic
right there I mean how could he possibly
do that again all you have to do is
follow the steps closely when Alicia's
signed the note
Jamie folded it and showed the audience
while he was folding the note he had a
palmed piece of paper in his hands that
he instantly switched to now with the
signed note still in his hand he took a
bag from Alisha and with the note in his
hand reached into the bag stuffed the
lemon and took it out showing the
audience only one side of it when Alesha
took out the note he very quickly closed
it and put it away because there was
actually a hole in the bottom of the
lemon where he stuffed the note inside
you can actually find a video of this
amazing performance on youtube if you
want to take a closer look even though
he made it seem effortless you'll need a
lot of practice to do this one still the
look of astonishment in everybody's eyes
definitely is worth it
number three turning water into ice in a
second tricks with water are also very
common among magicians for example the
one where the illusionist pour some
water into a cup and a moment later is
turned into a cube of ice as
probably already guessed the trick here
lies in the cup itself the thing is it
already contains a piece of ice along
with a sponge that's the same color as
the cub the sponge is fixed to the
bottom of the cup and will absorb water
that is poured in so when the magician
turns the cup upside down the ice falls
into his hand while the water remains in
the sponge right magic equipment sleight
of hands some practice and this trick
will easily become part of your illusion
program number two passing through the
wall imagine a magician's performance
numerous lights are lighting up the
stage and the only thing there is is a
wall that looks and feels very realistic
a magician approaches the wall from one
side and the assistants hide him with
special screens on wheels the exact same
construction is put on another side of
the wall a few seconds later the
magician appears on the opposite side of
the wall a huge round of applause as the
spectators are shocked and thrilled and
although it may seem like Hogwarts magic
the performance is quite easy there's a
special v-shaped tunnel going under the
wall that's why the spectators who study
the wall and how solid it is don't find
anything the wall is completely ok it's
the floor that's not the magician needs
just a fraction of a second to go
through the small tunnel going under the
wall and stand on the other side of it
and there you go way to leave the
audience Beach lists and number 1
David Copperfield saw death when we
think of magicians the first name that
comes to pretty much everyone's mind is
David Copperfield and it's no surprise
since he's one of the best-known classic
magicians ever a lot of aspiring
magicians are inspired by him and his
work so let's reveal the secret behind
one of his favorite tricks the death saw
magic act and yes it's this famous trick
where the magician splits himself in
half using a giant saw blade that sounds
brutal
in order to perform the illusion
Copperfield actually used an assistant
for the latter part of his body together
they seem to be just a single person the
secret of this trick is in the table
beneath and the tiny gap between the
tables that the saw blade can easily
pass through Copperfield's legs were
bent into the table and the assistants
upper body was hidden in the table below
so they were both completely safe while
the audience was going crazy truly
legendary as you can see magic is much
easier than it seems to be with good
preparation you can easily do it
yourself so which one of these tricks
would you like to perform tell us in the
comments below and don't forget to share
this video with your friends and click
subscribe to stay with us on the bright
side of life